**Dr. Wojciech Kopec - PI**

Wojciech is a Lecturer in Computational Pharmaceutical Chemistry at the Department of Chemistry, Queen Mary University of London (QMUL), working on biophysical mechanisms and pharmacology of ion channels using computational approaches. Before joining QMUL in 2023, Wojciech worked for several years at the Max Planck Institute for Multidisciplinary Sciences in Göttingen (Germany), focusing on computational electrophysiology simulations. Wojciech enjoys integrating computational and experimental approaches in a truly interdisciplinary manner.

Wojciech got his bachelor and master degrees in Chemistry from the Jagiellonian University in Kraków (Poland), where he worked on the application of graph theory in chemistry and molecular modelling of polycation interactions with lipid membranes. For his doctoral studies, he moved to Odense (Denmark(), where he worked at MEMPHYS - Centre for Biomembrane Physics, located at the University of Southern Denmark, where he focused on studying ion binding and selectivity of ion pumps. During his PhD, Wojciech visited the University of Chicago, working with prof. Benoit Roux on polarizable force fields. After obtaining his PhD degree, Dr Kopec moved to Germany, to work with prof. Bert de Groot at the Max Planck Institute for Multidisciplinary Sciences, on ion permeation and gating mechanisms of potassium channels. After working for a few years as a postdoc, Dr Kopec became a Project Group Leader at the same institute, continuing his work on ion channels. In August 2023, he moved to the Queen Mary University of London to start his independent research group.